ansible/configs/ocp-clientvm/README.adoc, before:

= OCP Client VM (ocp-clientvm)

== Running Ansible Playbook

* You can run the playbook with the following arguments to overwrite the default variable values:
+
[source,bash]
----
# Generic Vars

GUID=sborenstest5
REGION=ap-southeast-2
KEYNAME=ocpkey
ENVTYPE="ocp-clientvm"
CLOUDPROVIDER=ec2
HOSTZONEID='Z3IHLWJZOU9SRT'
BASESUFFIX='.example.opentlc.com'


# OCP Vars

REPO_VERSION=3.11
OSRELEASE=3.11.16

ansible-playbook main.yml \
  -e "guid=${GUID}" \
  -e "env_type=${ENVTYPE}" \
  -e "osrelease=${OSRELEASE}" \
  -e "repo_version=${REPO_VERSION}" \
  -e "docker_version=1.13.1" \
  -e "cloud_provider=${CLOUDPROVIDER}" \
  -e "aws_region=${REGION}" \
  -e "HostedZoneId=${HOSTZONEID}" \
  -e "key_name=${KEYNAME}" \
  -e "subdomain_base_suffix=${BASESUFFIX}" \
  -e "clientvm_instance_type=t2.large" \
  -e "requirements_path=ansible/configs/ocp-clientvm/requirements_ruby.yml" \
  -e "email=name@example.com"  \
  -e "output_dir=/tmp/output" \
  -e "install_ruby=true"    -e "install_3scale=true" -vvvv
----

=== Satellite version
----
GUID=testclientvm1
REGION=us-east-1
KEYNAME=ocpkey
ENVTYPE="ocp-clientvm"
CLOUDPROVIDER=ec2
HOSTZONEID='Z186MFNM7DX4NF'
BASESUFFIX='.example.opentlc.com'
REPO_VERSION=3.9
DEPLOYER_REPO_PATH=`pwd`

LOG_FILE=/tmp/${ENVTYPE}-${GUID}.log
IPAPASS=$5

if [ "$1" = "provision" ] ; then

echo "Provisioning: ${STACK_NAME}"  1>> $LOG_FILE 2>> $LOG_FILE

ansible-playbook ${DEPLOYER_REPO_PATH}/main.yml  \
  -e "guid=${GUID}" \
  -e "env_type=${ENVTYPE}" \
  -e "key_name=${KEYNAME}" \
  -e "cloud_provider=${CLOUDPROVIDER}" \
  -e "aws_region=${REGION}" \
  -e "HostedZoneId=${HOSTZONEID}" \
  -e "subdomain_base_suffix=${BASESUFFIX}" \
  -e "clientvm_instance_type=t2.large" \
  -e "ipa_host_password=${IPAPASS}"
  -e "repo_method=satellite" \
  -e "repo_version=${REPO_VERSION}" \
  -e "email=name@example.com" \
  -e "software_to_deploy=none" \
  -e "osrelease=3.9.14" \
  -e "docker_version=1.13.1" \
  -e "ANSIBLE_REPO_PATH=${DEPLOYER_REPO_PATH}" 1>> $LOG_FILE 2>> $LOG_FILE
----

=== To Delete an environment
----
REGION=us-east-1
KEYNAME=ocpkey
GUID=testclientvm1
ENVTYPE="ocp-clientvm"
CLOUDPROVIDER=ec2
HOSTZONEID='Z186MFNM7DX4NF'

ansible-playbook ./configs/${ENVTYPE}/destroy_env.yml \
 -e "guid=${GUID}" \
 -e "env_type=${ENVTYPE}"  \
 -e "cloud_provider=${CLOUDPROVIDER}" \
 -e "aws_region=${REGION}" \
 -e "HostedZoneId=${HOSTZONEID}" \
 -e "key_name=${KEYNAME}" \
 -e "subdomain_base_suffix=${BASESUFFIX}"
----


== Example RC file

Use a RC file like this one to create a ClientVM with the wrapper.sh script:

----
GUID=myclient
REGION=us-east-1
KEYNAME=ocpkey
ENVTYPE=ocp-clientvm
HOSTZONEID='Z3IHLWJZOU9SRT'
ENVTYPE_ARGS=(
-e repo_version=3.9
-e osrelease=3.9.14
-e own_repo_path=http://admin.example.com/repos/ocp/3.9.14
-e docker_version=1.13.1
-e "clientvm_instance_type=t2.large"
-e "subdomain_base_suffix=.example.opentlc.com"
)
----

Commit message:

Improve ocp-clientvm for RHEL and node_count
- ocp-clientvm: node_count == num_users by default
- RHEL74 is default image

ansible/configs/ocp-clientvm/README.adoc, after:

= OCP Client VM (ocp-clientvm)


== Notes

`num_users` will create that number of ClientVMs.  Default is 1.
* Conflicts with `node_count` which will attempt to build an inventory and SSH to that many nodes

As default, `node_count` is set to `num_users`


== Running Ansible Playbook

* You can run the playbook with the following arguments to overwrite the default variable values:
+
[source,bash]
----
# Generic Vars

GUID=sborenstest5
REGION=ap-southeast-2
KEYNAME=ocpkey
ENVTYPE="ocp-clientvm"
CLOUDPROVIDER=ec2
HOSTZONEID='Z3IHLWJZOU9SRT'
BASESUFFIX='.example.opentlc.com'


# OCP Vars

REPO_VERSION=3.11
OSRELEASE=3.11.16

ansible-playbook main.yml \
  -e "guid=${GUID}" \
  -e "env_type=${ENVTYPE}" \
  -e "osrelease=${OSRELEASE}" \
  -e "repo_version=${REPO_VERSION}" \
  -e "docker_version=1.13.1" \
  -e "cloud_provider=${CLOUDPROVIDER}" \
  -e "aws_region=${REGION}" \
  -e "HostedZoneId=${HOSTZONEID}" \
  -e "key_name=${KEYNAME}" \
  -e "subdomain_base_suffix=${BASESUFFIX}" \
  -e "clientvm_instance_type=t2.large" \
  -e "requirements_path=ansible/configs/ocp-clientvm/requirements_ruby.yml" \
  -e "email=name@example.com"  \
  -e "output_dir=/tmp/output" \
  -e "install_ruby=true"    -e "install_3scale=true" -vvvv
----

=== Satellite version
----
GUID=testclientvm1
REGION=us-east-1
KEYNAME=ocpkey
ENVTYPE="ocp-clientvm"
CLOUDPROVIDER=ec2
HOSTZONEID='Z186MFNM7DX4NF'
BASESUFFIX='.example.opentlc.com'
REPO_VERSION=3.9
DEPLOYER_REPO_PATH=`pwd`

LOG_FILE=/tmp/${ENVTYPE}-${GUID}.log
IPAPASS=$5

if [ "$1" = "provision" ] ; then

echo "Provisioning: ${STACK_NAME}"  1>> $LOG_FILE 2>> $LOG_FILE

ansible-playbook ${DEPLOYER_REPO_PATH}/main.yml  \
  -e "guid=${GUID}" \
  -e "env_type=${ENVTYPE}" \
  -e "key_name=${KEYNAME}" \
  -e "cloud_provider=${CLOUDPROVIDER}" \
  -e "aws_region=${REGION}" \
  -e "HostedZoneId=${HOSTZONEID}" \
  -e "subdomain_base_suffix=${BASESUFFIX}" \
  -e "clientvm_instance_type=t2.large" \
  -e "ipa_host_password=${IPAPASS}"
  -e "repo_method=satellite" \
  -e "repo_version=${REPO_VERSION}" \
  -e "email=name@example.com" \
  -e "software_to_deploy=none" \
  -e "osrelease=3.9.14" \
  -e "docker_version=1.13.1" \
  -e "ANSIBLE_REPO_PATH=${DEPLOYER_REPO_PATH}" 1>> $LOG_FILE 2>> $LOG_FILE
----

=== To Delete an environment
----
REGION=us-east-1
KEYNAME=ocpkey
GUID=testclientvm1
ENVTYPE="ocp-clientvm"
CLOUDPROVIDER=ec2
HOSTZONEID='Z186MFNM7DX4NF'

ansible-playbook ./configs/${ENVTYPE}/destroy_env.yml \
 -e "guid=${GUID}" \
 -e "env_type=${ENVTYPE}"  \
 -e "cloud_provider=${CLOUDPROVIDER}" \
 -e "aws_region=${REGION}" \
 -e "HostedZoneId=${HOSTZONEID}" \
 -e "key_name=${KEYNAME}" \
 -e "subdomain_base_suffix=${BASESUFFIX}"
----


== Example RC file

Use a RC file like this one to create a ClientVM with the wrapper.sh script:

----
GUID=myclient
REGION=us-east-1
KEYNAME=ocpkey
ENVTYPE=ocp-clientvm
HOSTZONEID='Z3IHLWJZOU9SRT'
ENVTYPE_ARGS=(
-e repo_version=3.9
-e osrelease=3.9.14
-e own_repo_path=http://admin.example.com/repos/ocp/3.9.14
-e docker_version=1.13.1
-e "clientvm_instance_type=t2.large"
-e "subdomain_base_suffix=.example.opentlc.com"
)
----
